# Team-14 - Recession-Proof Portfolio
 Team 14's group project GitHub repository for MGT 6203 (Edx) Summer of 2022 semester.

Contents
========

 * [Information](#information)
 * [Deliverables](#deliverables)
 * [Instructions](#instructions)
 * [Contributor](#contributor)

### Information
This repository is intended to use for Team 14 - MGT6203 Summer 22 Group Project only

Our goal is to identify a portfolio of stocks which will outperform the market in a recession. To do so, we plan to leverage data for securities in the S&P 500 during the ‘Great Recession’ (period of December 2007 – June 2009), to better understand factors which are indicative of resilience during economic downturns. We will then use these findings to infer which securities may be strong investments during the present period of economic uncertainty. 


### Deliverables
All Deliverables are contained under Deliverables/ directory.  
Final Report: Deliverables/Phase 4/Final Report/'Team 14 Final Report.pdf' 
Final Notebook that generated the report: Deliverables/Phase 4/Final Report/'Team 14 Final Report.ipynb' (RKernel is used even though its named ipynb)
Final Slides: Deliverables/Phase 4/Final Presentation Slides/Team 14 - Final Presentation Slides [July 2022].pdf
Final Code in addition to Notebook: Deliverables/Phase 4/Final Code/ 
  -- most of the relevant code was transcribed into the notebook but there is some additional data cleaning and exploration code available
Final Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?reload=9&v=8-__F7XkD6E 
   --a clickable link can be found in Deliverables/Phase 4/Final Video Presentation/Team 14 Final Presentation Video [July 2022].pdf
Data: Recession-Proof_Portfolio/Data/

### Instructions
The easiest way to see the code in action is to the final notebook listed above. As noted in the notebook, please make sure your working directory is:
Deliverables/Phase 4/Final Report/ 
or the paths in the notebook will be wrong. Code cells are marked hidden/remove but the notebook should run.

There is also an RData object Deliverables/Phase 4/Final Code/Global_Environment_Output(ReadyToRun).RData you can load (as is done by the notebook) that would be generated by various parts of the Final Code directory above. That cannot easily be generated linearly but finding the variables with ls() and looking for them in the Fina Code directory is possible. Most of that code is just data cleaning that is not desirable to run every time and exploratory analysis that is not desirable to run each time.


---
Use Temp.RData for saved variables data (latest run on code)


### Contributor
---
+ Aaditya Vinnakota
+ Bao Vo
+ Frank Corrao
+ Michael Obin
+ Nicholas Coyle
